Hello guys that can be discussed here I'm really honored that you're in or in my course and in this
first video.
I want to show you guys how you can watch all of these videos in HD so you'll have the better experience
of discourse.
Watch our interview he was in HD.
All you need to do is go to this little icon right before this song icon on this icon you will see the
qualities here.
360 480 720 and bendin.
It is the highest quality.
OK but if you don't have good internet connection then you can watch in large quantities.
But if you have a good internet connection then make sure you watch in 80 then inequalities.
Best quality.
And if you switch to 80 pixels quality then you will have the better experience of this course.
OK.
And as we're watching this video and make sure you watch all of the reviews in HD.
And we will start from the next video and take us through watching this video.
And welcome to my office.